box: fix WAL queue size accounting on errors (#11082)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-11081-fix-wal-queue-size-accounting.md

## bugfix/box

> * Fixed issue of hanging write operations forever triggered by heavy write
>   load and WAL writing failures (gh-11081).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the issue with hanging write operations forever triggered by heavy write
  load and WAL writing failures on cascade rollback (gh-11081).
```
